OSDOCS#12811: [OLMv1]  Replace port-forwarding cmd w/ `opm render` (#85686)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olmv1-catalog-queries.adoc

[id="olmv1-catalog-queries_{context}"]
= Common catalog queries

> You can query catalogs by using the `opm` and `jq` CLI tools. The following table collects some common catalog queries.

Author: ```suggestion
You can query catalogs by using the `opm` and `jq` CLI tools. The following tables collect common catalog queries.
```

a|
[source,terminal]
----
$ opm render <catalog_registry_url>:<tag> \
  \| jq -s '.[] \| select( .schema == "olm.package")
----

|Packages that support `AllNamespaces` install mode and do not use webhooks
a|
[source,terminal]
----
$ opm render <catalog_registry_url>:<tag> \
  \| jq -cs '[.[] \| select(.schema == "olm.bundle" and (.properties[] \
  \| select(.type == "olm.csv.metadata").value.installModes[] \
  \| select(.type == "AllNamespaces" and .supported == true)) \
  and .spec.webhookdefinitions == null) \
  \| .package] \| unique[]'
----

|Package metadata
a|
[source,terminal]
----
$ opm render <catalog_registry_url>:<tag> \
  \| jq -s '.[] \| select( .schema == "olm.package") \
  \| select( .name == "<package_name>")'
----

|Catalog blobs in a package
a|
[source,terminal]
----
$ opm render <catalog_registry_url>:<tag> \
  \| jq -s '.[] \| select( .package == "<package_name>")'
----

|===

.Common channel queries

> [options="header",cols="1,3"]]

Reviewer: I'm not familiar with `adoc` format but shouldn't this be a single closing bracket `]`?
```suggestion
[options="header",cols="1,3"]
```

Author: Good catch!

Author: @dtfranz TY! Addressed.
